Update ReleaseNotes.md (#2837)
openvinotoolkit/nncf: ReleaseNotes.md

# Release Notes

## New in Release 2.12.0

Post-training Quantization:

- Features:
  - (OpenVINO, PyTorch, ONNX) Excluded comparison operators from the quantization scope for `nncf.ModelType.TRANSFORMER`.
  - (OpenVINO, PyTorch) Changed the representation of symmetrically quantized weights from an unsigned integer with a fixed zero-point to a signed data type without a zero-point in the `nncf.compress_weights()` method.
  - (OpenVINO) Extended patterns support of the AWQ algorithm as part of `nncf.compress_weights()`. This allows apply AWQ for the wider scope of the models.

>   - (OpenVINO) Introduced `nncf.CompressWeightsMode.E2M1` as the new precision for the `mode` option of `nncf.compress_weights()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - (OpenVINO) Introduced `nncf.CompressWeightsMode.E2M1`  `mode` option of `nncf.compress_weights()` as the new MXFP4 precision (Experimental).
```
